===BODY===
Field notes                                                                     1{LB}{LB}{HEADING}14 Nov. 1978{/HEADING}{LB}{HEADING}The flight of MSa{macron}lmih b. Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r. Frayj b. Mh{dotbelow}aysin leaves the Gs{dotbelow}a{macron}r.{/HEADING}{LB}{INDENT}From SH and SI.{LB}{INDENT}Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r al-We{macron}fiy belongs to the H{dotbelow}amada{macron}t. He has lots of camels and lives{LB}round Kuntillih. He and his family don't have much to do * with the Gs{dotbelow}a{macron}r,{LB}and to my knowledge I've never met him. There's no enmimity, but Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r is{LB}usually camped far away from the well. His s{acute}e{macron}x is probably Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih. It seems{LB}that the only other H{dotbelow}amada{macron}t in Sinai are Mismih{dotbelow} al-KD{macron}{dotbelow}e{macron}s and his sons, and{LB}(I think) Mh{dotbelow}i b. H{dotbelow}amma{macron}d.{LB}{INDENT}Mt{dotbelow}ayr has a daughter called Sa{macron}lmih, and a son called al-We{macron}fiy, whom{LB}SI says is ah{dotbelow}bal. Until the events here recorded, neither had married.{LB}{INDENT}Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih recently exchanged one of his daughters - the one who was{LB}married to Mismih{dotbelow}, and whose name is probably Me{macron}{apostrophe-ayn}ih - for Sa{macron}lmih{LB}b. Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r. Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih himself married Sa{macron}lmih, and young al-We{macron}fiy got Me{macron}{apostrophe-ayn}ih. This{LB}was about three months ago.{LB}{INDENT}SI says the idea of Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih marrying the young girl is crazy. He{LB}already has two wives and a score of dependants. About a month ago Sa{macron}lmih{LB}fled from him, and no-one has seen her since. The police have been informed.{LB}It's possible that she has crossed, or tried to cross, into Jordan, where{LB}she has an {apostrophe-ayn}amm called (maybe) {apostrophe-ayn}Id.{LB}{INDENT}al-We{macron}fiy and Sa{macron}lmih have different mothers. al-We{macron}fiy's mother is dead.{LB}He has full siblings who are in Jordan. Sa{macron}lmih's mother is a Badriyyih. Some-{LB}what before (I think) her daughter's flight, she herself fled to her own{LB}tribe. Apparently al-We{macron}fiy had been causing her troubles. Poor old Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r now{LB}has to look after his small stock himself - apparently there are no other{LB}children in Sinai. al-We{macron}fiy stays all the time by the Kuntillih well in{LB}order to water the camels that come down to drink.{LB}{LB}{INDENT}This episode had led to trouble between Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r's family and the{LB}Kar{dotbelow}a{macron}dmih. Even before Sa{macron}lmih fled, Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r went to s{acute}e{macron}x Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih, told him that{LB}the girl wanted to flee, and said that he, Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r,could do nothing about it.{LB}He proposed a double divorce, which Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih turned down. Mt{dotbelow}e{macron}r then told him{LB}that if anything happened to Sa{macron}lmih - int al-mat{dotbelow}lu{macron}b.{LB}{INDENT}The H{dotbelow}amada{macron}t are now saying that they will kill four men of the Kar{dotbelow}a{macron}dmih{LB}if the girl has died. (A woman's life is always valued at that of four men.){LB}Both SI and SH says they have no right to this. SH says that if he were in{LB}the H{dotbelow}amada{macron}t's shoes, and the girl turned out to have died, he would refuse to divorce al-We{macron}fiy's wife, but no more{LB}than that. His refusal would be upheld in court.{LB}{LB}{INDENT}On 14 Nov. 1978 Frayj b. Mh{dotbelow}aysin came to s{acute}e{macron}x Slima{macron}n in se{macron}l al-Jihayyr{LB}in his lorry. With him was Mismih{dotbelow} al-KD{macron}{dotbelow}e{macron}s. The source of his trouble is this:{LB}in order to move from one co-liable group to another, you have to have the{LB}formal agreement of both groups. At the time that Frayj joined the Gs{dotbelow}a{macron}r, the{LB}latter asked s{acute}e{macron}x Jim{apostrophe-ayn}ih to kaffal that Frayj had left his group. He refused.

===MARGIN===
Left margin: p90
Left margin: [?]
Left margin: 6/2a
Left margin: IIIa.
Left margin: [?]
Right margin: See (4), 140
Interlinear: Probably
Interlinear: in
Left margin: But see 140
Left margin: )
Left margin: —